I have a DSL dictionary file of the Imperial Dictionary you helped me create, but finding the mistakes in it is quite tedious by hand. I'd like to write a full-fledged python utility to run in the command line and help me to find incorrect headwords (the definition mistakes are significantly less important as I can find those gradually with time, the headwords are critical to find early or the assumption will simply be that the dictionary doesn't have that word. Therefore I'd like to have a file which does the following:
1. be called with a single parameter, the DSL file to inspect.
2. Go through the headwords of the dictionary file, one by one, and check them to see if they exist in a very large TXT file full of valid headwords I will export from a 'known good' dictionary like the OED. --Important: some entries are formatted as Spelling1 , Spelling2 - either the script needs to split and independently check headwords if it finds a comma in the headword or we can just skip those entirely.
3. Present the total number of invalid headwords to the user.
4. Go through each invalid headword, one by one, presenting the following information: 
The headword, the nearest-match headword from the known good values (by number of incorrect letters), the previous headword, the next headword and the definition of the headword, plain-text formatted with DSL tags intact is fine.
5. This is the tricky part. Give the user some options of what to do. Either 'a'ccept the suggested (nearest-match) headword, 'c'ustom - enter a hand-entered headword via the terminal using the human-derived context clues (entering 'c' brings up the headword as it is so the user can fix the headword and then hit enter to save the new version), 's' to skip this headword, if the user thinks it's OK, or 'e' to edit the entry itself by opening (in command prompt's or powershell's or python's - whatever is simplest - text editor) the DSL file at the appropriate line to edit the dictionary entry as well as the headword, which will often happen when a Dagger symbol has been mistranslated. 
In fact, make a special hotkey 'D' for removing the last character from the headword (usually a 't', a mistranslated dagger, and insert a dagger symbol as the first character after the first [m2] of that headword's entry, followed by a space, followed by whatever was the first bit of text previously.